the POEM the poem coming out twixt these smackers
It’ll flow over them like they’re some midwestern frackers


It’ll be the titular work: ourhole.com
The friggin last slow dance of our senior prom


We sway back and forth a space in between us
Or, screw it, smush flesh together no room for our jesus


Revolve rotate shuffle and slide
In clouds of balloons our secrets can hide


Then pause and steady ourselves in a place that feels comfy 
Or - screw it - sit on a wall we’ll tempt fate like we’re Humpty


CUZ, uh, LOVE! Is out there and we’ll embrace the fall
Our POEM this poem will comfort us all


Now the poem the poem the poem is so near 
BUT ugh This art is too long for our ear we may fear


But daaaaang we’re in it we’ve stayed for this long
We’ve shifted our weight we’ve picked at our thong


We’ve looked all around us and mapped out our route
Next: to that painting, white wine, then we’re out


So we wait. Sure. we can see this thing through
If  sisyphus is happy we can be too


Imagine it’s just us and poem on our own device
This box in our hand ooooh damn it feels nice


We’d rub it all over inbetween thighs
If judgment could melt from their judgy judge eyes


They watch us we know it they creep as we crawl
Finding ourselves in this womb of it all 


So we wait...when poem is done and we’re all alone
Doors can be locked. Touchscreen digits can roam.


And pinch becomes pull, swipe on the swelling
We zoom in on futures that they are selling


STOP. back to this matter of starting a verse
Tabula rasa - TO START! what a curse


BUT in the meantime, let’s consider this question
And let thoughts become real start the ingression


Do we need a rostrum or a restroom, a deas or bidet? 
I mean...it seems...our hole will abide, out comes poo either way


And once excrement’s gone and we’re left feeling empty
And they’ve studied our poo like some poo cogniscenti


Our Hunger buys tix - AYCE buffet
And we BOGO together - half and half like coffee


And marvel before us everything we could want
Amazoned (alexa noise “OK”) by the bounty of this endless food font 


Golden Corralled by the gods to witness their mercy
They give us it all for a miniscule purse fee


And we’ll take we’ll take it munch munch munch munch munch
The way we eat croutons we’ll be Capt’n Crunch


We’ll scream “let us eat lettuce, YOU. Olive YOU to pits
“I’ll toss your salad. I’ll bacon you to bits


“Cuz we feed each other we make a Full House” [full house soundtrack]
But then over comes Kimmy, warning of Faust


And we’re like, “Kimmy, you’re fiction. You’re life is not real” [Laugh track]
Anyway, we’re not selling our souls, we’re embracing the zeal


Kimmy’s a doo doo with doo doo for brains
Free your mind Kimmy, unhinge those chains


Then we’re back. Back to the poem
The truth of the matter the place we’ll call home


[slowly rising inspirational music]
It will be more than real something perfect from us
Something with layers of meaning that critics discuss
A volcano of new (echo) not dripping puss
A thing so good they would be nonplussed
Something pushing past genius that never was rushed
Some new type of beauty that causes a fuss
A revelation! A light through the dust
A boom on the surface to shatter the crust
The tastiest thing they’ll ever degust
To make us our millions our kids get their trust 
The city erects our face as a bust
Ready the hips, wind up, and thrust